Title: 雅思口语准备的内容    
slug: ielts-speaking-content  
Date: 2017-03-26 23:12:21  

# work
I'm a  software engineer namely a programmer.  This job really makes me thrilling and I enjoy coding very much.

Certainly it's determined by my major in college . when I studied computer science in my university, I found that it was very suitable for my personality. I can Make full use of my intelligence.

It can make me concentrated, keep making progress by trial and error. The programming skills also give me the power to make some ideas come true.

Sure. I miss the vacation so much of course. But it's more important to apply my knowledge and skills and I know I can learn more in the job.

# home

I live in a small room of a flat with 6 bedrooms  2 bathrooms and no kitchen and no living room.  Very small but fortunately with a big French window.

because there is no living room for us to get together, we usually stay in own rooms and don't know each other well.

certainly not, I plan to leave there in the near future.

After my graduation, so it's about 3 years.

The housing is really simple and small with little decoration, even compared to the dormitory in college. And my bedroom of my family house in my hometown is bigger than this one.

living room for chatting and kitchen for cooking. these are where my family spend most of the time.

small about no more than 9 square meters.  Fortunately it has a really big frech window, so the room will be bright and I think dark environment will give some depressing feeling. On the contrary it's so hot during the summer as the room face south.

# hometown

My hometown is Majiang county, in  Guizhou province, in the sourtwestern part of China.

Majiang county or the entire guizhou province is on the Yungui Plateau. So it has a bad transportation compared to plain area.  However there's a green langscape and little pollution a popular topic in China recently.

about 11 years, from second Grade in primary school until last year before college

well, I love it, a leisure life, a adaptive life there I love the food  though it's not convinient and there is little jobs and  opportunities.  it has a much lower economic and educational level.

Certainly it's not a good place for me a IT programmer. Remote jobs are not the mainstream way in developing.

# 巧克力

Yes, I love chocolate. I like the taste gives me a delicious and smooth feeling when I'm eating it. I enjoy it melts in the mouth and some types will leave a bitter feeling stimulating the tongue .wonderful.

In fact I don't know the type of chocolate. I buy it mainly the band Dove without checking its type  and I never find one type can make me disgusted. So I have no idea about my favorite type.

I try not to buy too much. Because I can't help eating all of it. this will be excessive to cause a bad taste.  over the capacity of my tongue

Yes, it's very common to give boxes of sugars and chocolates as a gift especially celebrating sth such as a wedding and Chinese traditional spring festival.

# 最喜欢的电影

I want to describe a film A jackie chan's movie named Project A. It's very old, at least older than me because it was on show in Hongkong at 1983 , 9 years before I was born.So obviously I didn't see it at the cinema. Maybe in CCTV6 or just on the Internet. This film Project A is a master work of Jackie Chan in the action movie Field.  Many classical and great Scenarios are integrated into this movie. makes it excellent too. Jackie draws lesson from some stories like an undercover detective tale from a Chinese popular war novel and some world well known movie scenarios such as the falling from the bell tower and the bicycle chasing in the alley.Based on these Ingenious plots,  Jackie chan Fully demonstrated his talent in the movie, humorous actions,  his life-risking spirit and the tacit understanding between he and his friends, even the never death of his role.So this movie not only makes me laugh but also astonish me deeply when I see the scene of falling from the tower. What's more? I think This movie represents the arrival of the peak of action films. No one can surpass it essentially .  So That's why Project A is my favorite movie.


I think from the perspective of the humanities, films can easily express the authors' thinking to the audience. We can know the story  and learn the spirit in the film as Hacksaw Ridge. But it's not for science , engineering and maths even Interstellar,  watching films is for entertainment.

documents from the authority, Parties involved or field survey. Then Documentary films will be more accurate no matter the truth, for entertainment based on the imagination of  to please the audience maybe keeping away from the truth. And some other factors like film language.

love a common kind of film namely romantic love film, besides this, I guess there is a huge difference. For instance, maybe for most men, they will find a war film is powerful, while most girls will not like it.

# 近期有趣的经历

I'd like to describe an experience on technology entrepreneur online course. participated in it from january to March 8th lasting 8 weeks. It was offered online by stanford online  and Novoed platform.So hundreds or thousands people were attracted to join it. This course taught us some knowledge on entrepreneur by video and we can share our ideas and ask questions in the forum then ta or other students could answer questions. What's more, The best part of it was that it offered the platform for us to form a team on your own idea to invite other members or join other teams as you like the idea and the goal. After the building of a team, the following steps were writing the bp or bmc, making markets survey, developing a demo according to the course's schedule, at the end, My team was not selected as the top 5 teams that can get to pitch in front of a jury including someone from venture capital. But it was still a really unusual experience, I learned a lot, got feedbacks from other members to drive my project forward. It was a brave breakthrough for me to actively contact to others and express my ideas confidently.

# 野生动物

假的都不知道说什么， 还好有真事， 但一只兔子有什么好说的， 中文都无法描述。

it was An interesting story, the first time I saw a real wild animal in the wild. it was a hare or Chinese hare I don't know the academic name  seized by my uncle in a mountain in my hometown.  When I saw it, it was struggling in my uncle's hand with a hurt leg caused by a trap. So the hare's fur was a bit dirty Orinally it was mainly brown. we know the hare has some special features, certainly this hare had all the features too. Long Ears held in the hand.a short tail and small forelegs and larger hind legs powerful and struggling.Even its leg hurt, it still struggled intensely for a while. According to several tales, I tried to feed it with carrots and something else. Of course it ate nothing. It seem that it also knowed that its death was coming. Finally we killed it,and  ate it.  Well It's not an touching story. I never had a feeling like the hare is so cute, I will keep it as the pet or we should free it. Even It was not amazing that the first time I saw a wild animal because just a hare not a tiger. 

# 网站

My favorite website is Coursera,  the largest mooc platform in the world. Mooc means massive online open courese. It was created in 2013 by two stanford professors. And I knew it immediately because I had paid attention to it for several months. It's a great website, the founders the company invited professors from top universities including nobel prizer to open courses freely accessible for students from all over the world,  Yeah the company also received funding and venture capital to pay for professors and sign contacts with universities. So it covered  all kinds of majors with hundreds of courses. This rich resources attact more than 20 million users . I'm one of them. And I used to visit it everyday for hours Because of the high quality courses. Such as a deep learning course from Hinton the father of deep learning. I can not only improve myself in the professional field but also widen my horizon on many other areas. That's Coursera and the benefits for all of us.

# 广告

七喜的精彩蝴蝶效应广告

I'd like to introduce an interesting advertisement maybe I can call it an sci fiction advertisement that impress me deeply . I saw it on a website recently but in fact it was a very old advertisement. at the beginning  a man buys a bottle of beverage and  when he is walking back, the drink is snatched away then a series of coincidences happen to make the Earth be destroyed by the alien. Therefore The astronaut on the moon want to save the world by a time machine. However he fails many times. Last time It seems to be successful by stopping the man buying the beverage, but he is taken to a mental hospital. Out from the hospital, poor and thirsty, He sees a man walking and drinking a beverage. Then he rushes toward to rob the bottle. Yeah, As you may have guessed, the same scenario at the beginning. it's a butterfly effect to advertise the beverage, just a bottle of the beverage can change the world or ruin the world. So this is interesting for two reasons. One is it uses the butterfly effect , very creative. the Other is from the ending it may imply a second meaning that's the future can't be avoided.

# 高建筑

鼓楼

I'd like to describe a drum-tower in my hometown. the drum-tower is a typical and representative building in my hometown and it has a history more than 300 years. But the one I'll introduce is the tallest one and built in 2005. It locates in a cultral square about 5 kilometers far away from the center of the county. 
This tower is about 45 meters tall,  all of it only use wood or more accurately fir from local.  No cement no steel bar. What's more, it uses a Chinese special traditional structure named mortise and tenon instead of nails. So we should not compare its height to modern buildings. There's no doubt that it becomes a famous place for tourists and also residents.
So it's the symbol of my hometown. And I'm impressed by the art of the building. But I dislike one thing of it. because I'm afraid of heights. although it has a staircase to the top, I dare not to go to the top.

# 小公司

a small internet company. because now I have some ideas.  one special of them is maybe I find a way to improve the quality of education and a  better even best MOOC pattern.

# 特殊的一餐

black pepper beef rice

# 想多了解的人



# 礼物

Jade Bracelet for mother Her 50 year old birthday 

# 科学领域

spaceflight

Child  curious about the sky and the universe. Recent after the science fiction three body

some historial events , amateur,  plan to learn something from MOOC and open courses like mit open course ware.

for myself, I or Almost all people have a dream to travel in the space, even just experience the weightlessness in the spacecraft and have a look at the Earth from outerspace.  MJ has a song and a book called moonwalk . Maybe I can walk on the moon one day in my life.

# 需要想像力的经历



# 放松的地方

海边 Seashore On The Beach wander

# 一个计划

Let me talk about my plans for this upcoming April fools day, in fact it's Chinese traditional Tomb-sweeping Day.
I plan to travel to ShangHai, visit a theater and watch a show. Yeah the key of this trip is to watch the show 
In fact, I'm not a big fan of this idle group or any member in it.  But I have been watching them and their shows on the internet since one year ago. So  I decided to buy a ticket and go to watch the performance in the following qingming festival. However I had to buy the ticket last month when tickets of that day or those days were ready to buy. if not the ticket would be sold out very soon by a great many fans. Finally I got a ticket in successfully
therefore according to my schedule,  as I have never been to shanghai, I will visit some top tourist spots such as the oriental pearl TV tower and the Bund During the day, at one night watch the show and participate in the special and unique activity after the show.
It must be an fascinating trip. so many people describe their experience of watching the show in excitement on the internet. 


# 名人

成龙， action movie super star world-famous

forgot how I know about .  But I'm sure the first movie I have even watched is Half a Loaf of Kung Fu. I saw it when I was a young children, less than 7 years old. But I didn't know the actor is Jackie chan for I was too young.

apprentice Opera schools. a most famous director appreciate ,  given the leading role in several films 
milestone Snake in the Eagle's Shadow. Action Comedy life-risking spirit in the movie

# 错过的预约

# 历史事件

# 高薪工作

data scientist

computer science, 

# 兴奋的活动

过山车 roller coaster

# 海外工作

silicon valley

# 不同意的决定

部门旅行 department travelling plan

# 外国食品

肯德基的汉堡包和薯条 a bag of chips

# 游泳用地

三亚亚龙湾 Yalong Bay

# 有趣的旅程

厦门环岛游 Island Tour 

# 乡下有趣的经历

老家， 打猎和射箭

# 禁用手机

I’d like to talk about the experience just ten days ago on a plane when I was leaving Fuzhou to Guiyang after a GRE test. The flight lasted for 2 and a half hours.
Maybe you know that it's not allowed to use mobile phone and other digital devices on most planes in China. So I went aboard and turned off my phone. however Before this trip, I had travelled by a plane for several times.  I thought a flight less than 3 hours was just a piece of cake.
So I read the magzine in the pocket in front of me and took a rest. But when I woke up, I found that my legs were numb and it would still take an hour before we could land. Unfortunately I tried to take a nap again and failed. So I was bored to death  in the following hour. If I can use my phone to kill time, I would not have the boring feeling. At least I didn't break the rule to use my phone Secretly.

# 咖啡馆

a small and Unknown cafe when My classmate visit me when he came to Hangzhou last year

Bingjiang District near the Laji street. garbage. food street

some types of drink and beverage. We just ordered two bottle of beverages, maybe two cups of milk or coffee.

quiet and peaceful environment since it was nearly 9 pm, no other consumers in the cafe. We talked a lot,  things happend in my work and in their study. I had 3 roommates in my college, but all of them went on to pursue a master's degree, Only I graduate and found a job. Then we shared with each other about our fear and hope of the future.

# 重读的书

邓小平传 Deng xiaoping's biography Deng Xiaoping era written by a Harvard professor of reputation

完整回顾了邓小平的一生，全景式地描述了中国改革开放之路，深入分析了邓小平个人性格及执政风格，剖析中美建交、试水改革、提出“一国两制”等大事件，回顾了邓小平时代的开创、发展及挑战

this book leads us to recall the whole life of Deng and describe the charater of deng in personality ruling by several famous historial events, what's more, the emphasis is the history after 1978, in this year the reform and opening-up policy and routine was proposed by Deng.

The world's second largest economy





